## my work

#### "Radio Lab Right to be forgotten"
*try to come up with a set of guidelines how public records/data should be dealt with -- and/or discuss the difficulties of this task.*
*can you think of other situations for similar kinds of dilemmas?*
In my opinion, the public data concerning those misbehavior of certain people should never be deleted just because the person committed the behavior thinks the recorded data is messing up with their life. These data could only be less accessed due to the time has passed and more new data are coming to flood the old data away. The reason that they have repented the crimes and have remained a ‘good’ person since then is not convincing enough. In any crime, there is not only a culprit, there are victims, and how is it possible for these victims to forgive the person who has harmed them. If you have committed something bad, then you have to learn to live with it, to face it with courage and try to do the best to make up for the damage. The act to plead for forgiveness and deletion of records is just means of cowards who didn’t consider the consequence when committing the crime but regrets afterwards. But for those wrong cases, in my opinion, should be Updated – to correct the record with a Note and justification. But these data should not be deleted. The data serve as witness to the whole process, even though people may think it still tarnishes their personality, it could also serve as a testimony of his/her innocence. The reason I am using this approach is that the line between whether the person has the ‘right to be forgotten’ is blurry, and mainly depends on subjective view. If we use a clear distinctive line, that is: is that case a false case? – then it is easier and more objective to make the judgements and fair to most people.
However, there are difficulties: the data on the internet is a network of data flows, and the data flows to everywhere all the time. We are not always able to track all these data, thus hard to Update them. Also, the data are in the control of different institutions, how are we going to make all institutions change in a consistency is the issue.
It is quite interesting that I found the process to determine the “right to be forgiven” is so similar to the determine of people’s guilt on the court. The only difference is that one is supported by law and law system, while the other is only judged by a biased group of people and not well-supported by law. Of course, in the process of court judgment, there are cases not so regulated by law, and the solution to it is update the law or the execute of the law after the case. Probably, the laws for forgiveness should be built and updated accordingly, in this way, may we begin to think about implementing the right to be forgiven.




#### "The Daily The End of Privacy as we know it?"
*weigh the benefits and risks of a system like ClearView*
*which aspects do you find particularly problematic & how might we regulate undertakings like this?*
The benefits of such a system is mainly for the law-enforment and police departments. As is mentioned in the podcast, there are crimes which the department is unable to solve due to lack of evidence, but these crimes could be solved in '20 seconds' with just a single picture, not even a front shot. Other than that, I think the use for such a system is limited, especially for individuals. It is said in the podcast that the founder is planning to use it in the health system and for personal use. But these fields won't need that much facial recognition, especially won’t need that big a database.
If such a technology is spread to every individual, it could get really creepy – any person on the street could have access to your personal information, including address, personal relationship and every other detail. Right now, we are already fearing the leakage of our information through the virtual social network, but that issue is rare and usually not known to us (not good but at least less scary). But imagine a world where it is a public knowledge that your personal data could be accessed with a flick of finger, there would be no secret and privacy and having any image in the database would be the thing to fear about.
So the key point of such system is to keep it in the right people’s hand, which, in my view, should be police department and law-enforcements. Still, any leakage to hackers will cause disastrous consequences. And it is really hard to keep the consistency of use among the departments. So, my solution is: instead of an app, it could be a platform where only person with the “search warrant” for certain suspect could access the system and make search only relevant to the suspect.
