### Seeing Like a State and Cambridge Analytica 4/23

What I learned from the readings is that the massive data collected from social media users are used most significantly in a way to intervene with their democracy – what they think are an outcome of a collection of individual’s thoughts and will could be easily manipulated by the controller of the data and turned into an outcome of the inevitable. That explains to one question I long have: why people in China cares less about such data collection than Western world – we already have enough surveillance, our data are collected whether we want it or not, and we don’t have a choice on the politics.

Data concerning individuals, like those cameras recognizing you on the street, or mobile phone locations are not the true danger. The true danger lies in the potential use of manipulating these data and generate a false image of certain things, or, stealthily analyze the data and modify society’s behavior towards a certain direction. It is a danger in a larger scale.

Right now, we are saying that the big data and machine learning are turning our world into feature vectors and mathematic algorithms, that they are actually simplifying and homogenizing our existence. But the government is furthering on that and using these vectorized data to further turning ourselves into gears on a cold machine. The massive facets of data collected is making us more predictable and the predicted behavior are dealt to make us even more predicable (change our behavior into the desired direction of the government thus producing less variety).
It is a vicious circle in favor of the government for easier control over people and it ends in a homogenized society, in my view, it is inevitable as long as we are so dependent of the social media and we so rely on the data to give us information. There are always political or economic benefits to push this vicious circle. I think what we need to do is to constantly reflect on how our attitudes have changed throughout the process of leaving a trace of data of our life and try to remain suspicious and objective on given information.
