####1 System that study weather or geology to predict extreme natural disasters.
This should be among the most reliable prediction system we have in our society, whose prediction is based on the movement patterns of the weather and geology. The data it gathers and the prediction it makes is completely one cause and one effect, so it is not easy to be interfered by other factors, thus making it uncommon to produce false predictions.

####2 Algorithms used by Alibaba for the Double-Eleven
It was questioned on the Internet last year about the total amount of sales reported by Alibaba after the Double Eleven, since it follows a very nice curve if compared together with previous yeas’ data. The company was questioned to be faking the sales data. But actually, it is later clarified that Alibaba set its sales goal according to the mathematical curve. It is able to keep track of the data once the Double Eleven starts, and with a certain algorithm, it is able to predict the actual going of the amount of sales. After the prediction, Ali was able to adjust the discount rate to control or boost the transaction to make it keep with the ideal or expected sales, neither below nor exceed too much.

####3 Algorithms developed by financial companies.
Different financial companies would develop their own algorithms with regard to various kinds of factors in the financial market, such as oil prices, price of currencies and precious-metal, different indexes of stock market and also international politics to calculate out a relatively reliable prediction about the future direction of the stock market and then they were able to direct fund accordingly.


For the first one, as I claimed, should be of the lowest possibility of producing false predictions, because it involves certain fields of data which relatively could not possess great variations, so is hard to be interfered. Such a prediction is based on statistic and a few algorithms. Though it is rather reliable, two possible downsides come into my mind. The first is that such a pattern is widely accepted and constantly been tested through experiences, but experiences could be wrong, could be affected by inherent bias, or possibly, there is another factor we did not see that is dominating and causing the two factors we deem as of direct cause-and-effect relation. As time changes, such a flaw in logic could cause greater issue. Another downside I thought about is based on the fact that we are doing limited things though we are acknowledged climate change and global warming is threatening human life. We only view those as predictions and as a prediction, we think that there is still a great time gap between now and then, which in a cause, we postponed our action towards it.

For the second one, the news stroke me when I saw it for the first time. It is really amazing to think that current data collection and processing is so advanced to maneuver the flowing market. And as what we see is only the perfect data, we are not able to make out what was being done behind the data – whether it has been manipulated, or to what extent is it adjusted. It might not necessary be fake data, but what we see as random could be calculated and represented in an ordered way is startling. Just as the CompStat system, what citizens see is only the decline in crime rate but not how these data are created.

As for the third one, the use of such a system to predict the financial market is no news. But still, despite having such developed technology and an ever-growing database, the precise prediction of the financial market still doesn’t exist. Everyone tried to be a manipulator instead of a gambler has nevertheless fallen to be a fish with the flow. The idea of developing such a system is based on the belief that “social physics” exists, but in my view, such hypothesis doesn’t work. If all elements in our life could be quantified and fit into different equations, this would be a meaningless world and there would be no such thing as opportunity.
